PRIVACY POLICY
1. General Provisions.
1.1. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”) applies to all information that a individual Viktor (hereinafter referred to as the “Developer”) can receive about the User during the time of use of the“Bolts and Nuts - Puzzle” computer game, owned by the Developer and placed on specialized playgrounds (hereinafter referred to as the “Game”).

1.2. This Policy is applied by the Developer to all information about the User that the Developer may receive during the use of the Game by the User.

1.3. The Developer is a client of GAMEPUSH FZCO, the owner of https://gamepush.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”), through which the Developer carries out its direct activities. For this reason, the transfer of User’s data is possible only in cases established by applicable law and carried out on the basis of a special agreement between the Developer and GAMEPUSH FZCO.

1.4. To ensure the capability of using the Game by the User, User information is collected, used by the Developer and placed (stored) on the servers of GAMEPUSH FZCO, followed by an automatic data request from the Service in the process of using the Game and showing the results of the Game to the User. The User gives its express consent to the above operations.

1.5. The start of the use of the Game means the unconditional consent of the User with this Policy and the conditions for processing information about it and its device specified in it. In case of disagreement with these conditions, the User should refrain from using the Game.

1.6. The User is prohibited from using the Game if it has not reached the legal age at which it has the right to enter into agreements with the Developer. The Developer does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children of any age. If the Developer discovers that a child has provided it with personal information, such information is immediately deleted from the servers of GAMEPUSH FZCO.

2. Information that the Developer collects (gets access) and processes:
2.1. Information that the User provides about itself independently in the process of data entry into the forms located in the Game and the process of the Game, including data (including personal: name (login); image (real or imaginary), as well as other data that the User wishes to reflect about itself when filling out the forms posted in the Game (if any).

2.2. Mandatory information is marked with a special sign “*”. Other information is provided by the User at its own discretion (including in the process of using the Game).

2.3. Details of errors occurring in the Game.

2.4. The Developer does not carry out a special collection or request for other User personal data than those specified in clause 2.1. of this Policy (including data on religious confession, nationality, marital status). However, the Developer can use the User’s personal information to maintain communication with the User (for example, if the User sends a written message, the Developer can use User personal information to respond to the request and/or make a telephone call using the contacts specified in clause 5.1 of the Policy).

2.5. In general, the Developer does not verify the accuracy of personal information provided by the User and does not exercise control over its legal capacity. However, the Developer assumes that the User provides reliable and sufficient personal information on the issues proposed in the forms posted in the Game, and keeps this information up to date.

2.6. No anonymized visitors’ data (cookies of User’s device) collection and processing occurs in the Game.

2.7. This Policy is applied only to the Game. The Developer does not control and is not responsible for third-party websites which the User can visit following any links available in the Game.

3. Purposes and methods of data processing:
3.1. Providing the User with the capability of using the Game for its intended purpose.

3.2. Showing of data to other users, for example, in the leaderboard of the Game.

3.3. Granting the User access to the information contained in the Game.

3.4. Improvement and optimization of the Game for the convenience of its use by the User.

3.5. Feedback establishing with the User, if necessary.

3.6. Promotional mailing to the User.

3.7. Carrying out of statistical and other studies based on anonymized data.

4. Data processing and security. Responsibility of the Developer.
4.1. When voluntarily filling out forms in the Game and sending its personal data to the Developer, the User agrees with this Policy. The User's consent to the processing of personal data is specific, informed, conscientious and is recognized as executed in a simple written form.

4.2. User’s data processing takes place in the Game and on the User's own devices.

4.3. User’s data processing is carried out in any legal way, including in information data systems with or without the use of automation tools. The User’s data is stored on the servers of GAMEPUSH FZCO located in the territory of the Russian Federation.

4.4. The term of data processing is during the period of use of the Game by the User. The User can revoke its consent to data processing at any time by sending a notification letter to the Developer in any form by e-mail to the email address vkusnyatina.team@gmail.com, after which all User’s data is deleted completely (including from the servers of GAMEPUSH FZCO) within 5 (five) working days.

4.5. Deletion or destruction of User’s data is performed in the manner prescribed by the current legislation. Removal or destruction of personal data is performed: in cases provided by law; at the request of the User, government agency, or court; after the expiration of the storage period; when no longer needed.

4.6. User’s data security is ensured by the implementation of legal, organizational and technical measures necessary to fully comply with the requirements of the current legislation. Data security is also ensured by the standard means of the operating system of User's device.

4.7. The User uses the Game as is and undertakes to protect its data from security threats, including, but not limited to: protects its device from theft or loss, as well as from unauthorized access by third parties.

4.8. The Developer is not responsible for any damage or loss incurred by the User as a result of an erroneous understanding or misunderstanding of the terms of the Policy, instructions or directions on how to use the Game, its basic functionality (paid and free) and other technical issues.

4.9. The Developer is not responsible for malicious actions of third parties.

5. Other provisions.
5.1. The User can get any clarifications on issues of interest regarding the processing of its data by contacting the Developer via e-mail vkusnyatina.team@gmail.com.

5.2. The User has the rights provided for by the legislation on personal data.

5.3. The developer has the right to make changes to this Policy at any time and at its discretion without prior notice or consent of the User. When changes are made in the current edition, the date of the last update is to be indicated. The new version of the Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted in the Game unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Policy. The current edition is always in the Game and is available to all Users. The Developer recommends that the User periodically review the Game for new terms of this Policy and get acquainted with the latest information about the principles of keeping confidentiality by the Developer.

5.4. This Policy is applicable to the Game only.

5.5. The Developer does not accept proposals regarding making changes in this Policy from the User.

5.6. All disputes between the Developer and the User are resolved through negotiation. The complaint procedure for resolving disputes is mandatory. If no agreement can be reached through negotiation, disputes shall be resolved in court at the address of the Developer.
